my father who was an accountant and a lawyer told me once the difference
between a professional and nonprofessional is when the professional
goes home at night he still work his mind is still wrestling with
the problems he faced during the day he's thinking about how we can
better handle his client's money or how he's going to handle his client's
case and I think the same is true with the stem person educator
or a person in the military who's a professional as soon as I got
off duty in the marine corps we all went to the club and started drinking
beer and what we talk about how we can heal Jones Jones is a
very good marksman and he's having trouble you know when he's on the
firing line what we can do about Jones can we give them a different
job how can you do that neither Smith smiths very athletic the police
got a bad attitude would be the best thing to do to get his attitudes
she's got a lot of time the club which you think you were socializing
really working on problems and the same is true with my work
instead when I worked at the laboratories in Chicago we used to have
the leader who would take us out for pizza and beer every noon on Friday
and the vast majority though noon Friday of watches gotten out
about six o'clock at night when it's time to go get another pizza and
but again if you come into the club when we were over at the club
drinking at that you heard us talk about business the whole time but
our problems or put your wrestling